Add a note on securing RPC endpoints (#1244)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/public-networks/how-to/use-besu-api/json-rpc.md

# Use JSON-RPC over HTTP, WebSocket, and IPC

JSON-RPC APIs allow you to interact with your node. JSON-RPC endpoints are not enabled by default.

!!! caution

>     You should secure access to your nodes JSON-RPC endpoints. Users with access to your node
>     via JSON-RPC are making calls directly to your node, hence can cause your node to consume resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You should secure access to your node's JSON-RPC endpoints. Users with access to your node
    via JSON-RPC can make calls directly to your node, causing your node to consume resources.
```
